chore: show discover api (#1542)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3inbox/frontend-integration/api.mdx

}
```

</PlatformTabItem>
</PlatformTabs>

### Discover apps to subscribe to

> A list is maintained by WalletConnect to dapps one can subscribe to.
> 
> You can add your app to this list by following: https://docs.walletconnect.com/web3inbox/cloud-setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps wanting to provide users a list of apps that users may want to subscribe to can use this function. This list is manually curated by us, and apps can submit a request to be added to this list in our Cloud app by following [this guide](https://docs.walletconnect.com/web3inbox/cloud-setup).
```

<PlatformTabs
    groupId="w3iw"
    activeOptions={["react", "javascript"]}
>

<PlatformTabItem value="react">

```ts

> const { data: apps, isLoading, discover } = useDiscoverApps()

Reviewer: We probably want pagination here?

### Discover apps to subscribe to

Apps wanting to provide users a list of apps that users may want to subscribe to can use this function. This list is manually curated by us, and apps can submit a request to be added to this list in our Cloud app by following [this guide](https://docs.walletconnect.com/web3inbox/cloud-setup).

<PlatformTabs
    groupId="w3iw"
    activeOptions={["react", "javascript"]}
>

<PlatformTabItem value="react">

```ts
const { data: apps, isLoading, discover, currentPageNumber, nextPage } = useDiscoverApps({
  isInfiniteScroll?: boolean,
  appsPerPage?: number,
  isVerified: true, // Filter by featured projects, defaulted to true
  isFeatured: true  // Filter by verified projects, defaulted to true
})

return (
  <div>
    <button onClick={discover}> Refresh list </button>
    {apps.map(app => (
      <div onClick={app.subscribe} key={app.id}>
        <img src={app.icon} />
        <span> {app.name} </span>
        <span> {app.description} </span>
        <span> {app.url} </span>
      </div>
    )}
  </div>
)
```

#### References

- **refresh:** `() => NotifyApp[]`, refresh `apps` manually and also return updated `apps`.
- **apps:** `NotifyApp[]`

> - **isInfiniteScroll:** Whether or not to keep already fetched apps when getting next page

Reviewer: What is default?

> - **appsPerPage:** Number representing how many apps to get per fetch

Reviewer: What is default?

}
```

</PlatformTabItem>
</PlatformTabs>

> ### Discover apps to subscribe to

Reviewer: Add a paragraph explaining (or link to):
- What should this list be used for?
- Who maintains this list?
- What is the process for someone to add a new app to this list?

<PlatformTabs
    groupId="w3iw"
    activeOptions={["react", "javascript"]}
>

<PlatformTabItem value="react">

```ts
const { data: apps, isLoading, discover } = useDiscoverApps()

return (
  <div>
    <button onClick={discover}> Refresh list </button>
    {apps.map(app => (
      <div onClick={app.subscribe} key={app.id}>
        <img src={app.icon} />
        <span> {app.name} </span>
        <span> {app.description} </span>
        <span> {app.url} </span>
      </div>
    )}
  </div>
)
```

#### References

> - **discover:** `() => NotifyApp[]`, refresh `apps` manually and also return updated `apps`.

Reviewer: Suggest calling it refresh instead

```suggestion
- **refresh:** `() => NotifyApp[]`, refresh `apps` manually and also return updated `apps`.
```

- **apps:** `NotifyApp[]`

```

> interface NotifyApp {

Reviewer: Should app domain be in here?

  id: string
  name: string
  description: string
  url: string
  icon: string
  isVerified: boolean
  isFeatured: boolean

>   isComingSoon: boolean

Reviewer: Document this plz
